IDC development was launched in the fall of 2018. Our goal was to create a blockchain
equally convenient and interesting for both miners and long-term investors.
NIST5 was chosen as the hashing algorithm. It is not as well ASIC- resistant to mining
with ASICs but characterized by relatively low power consumption,.
We made our blockchain convenient for fast transactions, making their cost low enough.
What is the use of IDC?
IDC is the base block for the ID.DEX decentralized cryptocurrency exchange, which will
be launched in September of 2019. IDC will be used along with the usual currencies to pay
for commissions and withdrawal fees. Using IDC for this purpose will reduce the
commission load for the end user, and will also guarantee a commission discount and a
minimum transaction cost. ID.DEX is the main project compared to IDC, but it is IDC that
is nothing more than the start of a project.
Benefits of investing in IDC?
Through the initial sale of MasterNode, we will secure a number of serious advantages to
which we should include a quick coin listing, as well as the entry of 5 buyers into the team
as co-owners of the exchange (Detailed information is presented on the project website in
the Like no other section). This is an official operation and these people will be included in
the ownership of the company, the basis of which is the primary task of the development
team after listing IDC on a third-party exchange. Future IDC After December 31, 2019, we
will make an IDC hardfork, the result of which will be a complete transition to the PoS
consensus, so we will solve the problem of generating blocks for ID.DEX. We will also
provide an opportunity for IDC holders to switch from PoS to dPoS and store their coins
on the online version of the wallet. The second result of hard forks will be the limitation of
the maximum number of masternodes in the network based on their age. Only the oldest
100 nodes will get slots in the blockchain after hardfork. Running ID.DEX will also
change the block time, which is required to ensure ID.DEX transaction processing speed.
Project ID.DEX In the future
We plan to launch DEX based on IDC, and connect the FIAT payment gateways to it. In
the active testing process is a client-server application Meta Trader 5, which has a rich set
of tools for professional trading on the exchange. In addition, ID.DEX will receive
connectors for third-party trading platforms focused on professional trading.
After hard forks, we will also provide our clients with self-regulating governance, which
allows us to determine the development path of ID.DEX by voting according to the
interests of our clients.
Summary:
Based on the above, we create excellent conditions for those who are interested in long-
time investment.Unlike the rest of DEX, we are the FIRST, that offers the first investors not just a
percentage of the total number of coins, but also shares of the future company, which will
be registered in Estonia, in accordance with the deadline specified in the roadmap. Only
the first 5 MasterNodes will have the opportunity to own shares of the future company.
Thus, choosing us - you ensure your future. IC - Chain, 06/14/2019 "like no other".

Name and ticker: Interactive Decisions Chain Coin [IDC]
Consensus algorithm: POW and POS
POW phase duration: 144 840 blocks
PoW block reward: 10 IDC
Instamine protection: first 2000 blocks
Hashing algorithm: NIST5
Maximum IDC total supply: n/a (unlimited)
POS starting block: 144 841 block
POS block reward: 10 IDC
POS block reward distribution: SeeSaw
Masternode reward activation: 2280 block
Premine: 1 000 000 IDC
Blocksize: 4 mb
SegWit: yes
Blocktime average: 2 minute (DGW3)
Number of transaction confirmations: 6 confirmations
Maturity: 60 confirmations
